chore: update steward writeup (#515)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20240805_Multi_RiskStewardPhase2/RiskStewardPhase2.md

While recent improvements have optimized some steps, further efficiency gains are possible, particularly in risk-related proposals.

The rationale for reducing risk-related proposals:

- Two experts, and independent risk teams (ChaosLabs, LlamaRisk) are engaged with the DAO.
- Historical voting unanimity on non-controversial, incremental risk proposals.
- Technical feasibility of constraining updates using Aave v3 roles and specific validations.

The success of the CapsPlusRiskStewards experiment demonstrates the viability of expanding this approach. As Aave expands to new networks, minimizing governance proposals becomes crucial to prevent voter fatigue.

## Specification

The new Manual AGRS we propose follows the same design as the CapsPlusRiskSteward, a smart contract to which the Aave Governance gives `RISK_ADMIN` role over all v3 instances, controlled by a 2-of-2 multisig, and heavily constrained on what can do and how by its own logic.

> The 2-of-2 multisig controlling the Manual AGRS will have Chaos and BGD Labs as signers, with the inclusion of BGD Labs as a matter of extra security procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 2-of-2 multisig controlling the Manual AGRS will have Chaos and BGD Labs as signers, temporarily including BGD Labs as a matter of extra security procedure.
```

`ACL_MANAGER.addRiskAdmin()` is called to add the new Manual AGRS.

> Additionally, params for GHO on Arbitrum and Ethereum cannot be changed by this Manual AGRS, as the params will be updated by the GhoStewards instead, this is done by setting the GHO asset as restricted via the following method: `RISK_STEWARD.setAddressRestricted();`

Reviewer: But this has been done in pre-setup, right?

Author: It is being done on the payload, as the ownership was given to the governance
